Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/extending-neo4j/security-plugins.adoc

The SPI (Service Provider Interface) lives in the `com.neo4j.server.security.enterprise.auth.plugin.spi` package.

> Customized-built plugins have access to the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/file-locations[_<neo4j-home>_] directory in case you want to load any customized settings from a file located there.

Author: ```suggestion
Customized-built plugins have access to the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/file-locations[_<neo4j-home>_] directory in case you want to load any customized settings from a file located there.
```
